Docs: nested block quotes (#9441)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/migration/migration-to-28.0.0.md

> Listed below are the most important changes that require your attention when upgrading to CKEditor 5 v28.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listed below are the most important changes that require your attention when upgrading to CKEditor 5 v27.1.0.
```

## Disallowing nesting block quotes

> Prior to version 28.0.0 inserting a block quote into another block quote was not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to version 27.1.0 inserting a block quote into another block quote was not allowed.
```

> If you wish to bring back this restriction, see the {@link features/block-quote#disallowing-nesting-block-quotes Disallowing nesting block quotes} section in the blockquote feature guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to bring back this restriction, see the {@link features/block-quote#disallow-nesting-block-quotes Disallow nesting block quotes} section in the block quote feature guide.
```
